Added doc for cmd protobuf. (#36)
anz-bank/sysl-website: docs/cmd-protobuf.md

sidebar_label: Protobuf
---

## Summary

> `sysl protobuf` lets you convert a Sysl file to a [protobuf](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers) representation. Which can be consumed by other languages or frameworks support protobuf too. And Sysl has a fully [protobuf definition](https://github.com/anz-bank/sysl/blob/master/pkg/sysl/sysl.proto), it help you know more protobuf in Sysl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sysl protobuf` converts a Sysl file to a [protobuf](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers) representation, which can be consumed by programs in other languages. The output is encoded using the [Sysl protobuf definition](https://github.com/anz-bank/sysl/blob/master/pkg/sysl/sysl.proto).
```

## Usage

```sysl
sysl protobuf --mode=[textpb, json, pb] --output=<output file name> [<flags>]
```

## Optional flags

> - `--mode` Output file format which can be textpb, json or pb, textpb and json are text content, pb is binary content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--mode` Output file format which can be `textpb` (the [prototext format](https://pkg.go.dev/google.golang.org/protobuf/encoding/prototext?tab=doc)), `json` (JSON with some embedding of types) or `pb` (binary proto encoding).
```

> - `-o, --output` Output filename, protobuf message will be printed out in screen only if it is not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-o, --output` Output filename. If not provided, the protobuf output will be printed to `stdout`.
```

[More common optional flags](common-flags)

## Examples

> ### Mode is textpb

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `textpb` mode
```

Command line

> ```sysl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

      part: "Simple"
    }
    long_name: "Simple"
    attrs: {
      key: "description"
      value: {
        s: "Simple demo for protobuf export\n"
      }
    }
    types: {
      key: "SimpleObj"
      value: {
        tuple: {
          attr_defs: {
            key: "name"
            value: {
              primitive: STRING
              attrs: {
                key: "json_tag"
                value: {
                  s: "name"
                }
              }
              opt: true
              source_context: {
                file: "simple.sysl"
                start: {
                  line: 8
                  col: 16
                }
                end: {
                  line: 8
                  col: 30
                }
              }
            }
          }
        }
        source_context: {
          file: "simple.sysl"
          start: {
            line: 6
            col: 4
          }
          end: {
            line: 8
            col: 30
          }
        }
      }
    }
    source_context: {
      file: "simple.sysl"
      start: {
        line: 1
        col: 1
      }
      end: {
        line: 1
        col: 7
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> ### Mode is json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `json` mode
```

Command line

> ```sysl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
